okay I'm going to do mini start over
and share review these eight methods to
increase abundance number one no and
consequently feel that everything
desired is already achieved on some
level all possibilities of creation
already exist within you like I was
saying before we cut out this is this is
like the foundation to know anything
from to attract anything from more
effortlessly which is what we want to do
we want to increase the flow of
abundance in that way
we need to come from an understanding of
how this universe works and how it works
is that everything is already created so
inherent in that view there is no lack
there's very little space to believe
that there is lack so to see and to know
and to feel that everything is already a
part of creation that already is
everything is already created so
it's like the central place of your
energy center it's like coming from that
Center space from which you attract
things instead of believing that there
is a lack of things
and so if you tune into your vibrational
state if you tune into your feeling
state and you shift from this automatic
state of sort of feeling like you're
caught in this physical universe of
causality you've causing the fact of
limitation of being personal individual
which is sort of most people's automatic
mode of feeling who they are is their
automatic sense of identity and in
inherent in that view is a lot of
limitation because from a purely
physical standpoint there simply is a
lot of limitation there is a lack of
everything coexisting all at once
seemingly within the appearance of the
physical focus there is this comes first
and then that there is the glass fell on
the floor because I let go of it there's
all this causality and inherent in that
view is a lot of limitation so in order
to come from a more limitless space and
therefore to create more miraculous
appearances or to increase the flow of
abundance as we experience it in our
everyday lives we have to come from a
different foundational understanding of
the universe and this one is very
profound and it's very accurate and true
which is everything already exists so
know that not only every possible
configuration of energy already exists
inside of you inside of creation because
there's only one creation therefore it
exists inside of you but also more
specifically to you everything that you
desire is already established it has
already been made manifest on some level
because everything that can exist does
exist so everything you desire is
included in that so everything you
desire just state this to yourself
everything I desire is already
accomplished and just feel into the
vibrational stability of that feel into
the necklace foundation that that gives
you the power the sense of power and
freedom and peace that gives you because
you can't really create anything
abundantly so from a state of lack there
has to be a foundation of peace hence
also my first teaching and my second
teaching which are more about self
realization realizing the changeless
state of creation of existence of the
creator of awareness so that you come
from
face of not needed from knowing your
eternal nature and then when you go into
the empowerment teaching so that they're
teaching you have to back yourself up
with you have the stability that mental
emotional stability of that spiritual
knowingness that you can ever die that
you are eternal that you are changeless
and from that peaceful state you're not
infusing as much of the ego effect or
the the neediness the lack believes into
your creation ability but from another
point of view we can simply stick to the
empowerment teaching and even from
within the empowerment teaching we can
give you that stability we can give you
that peace you can give you that peace
by tuning into the vibrational
knowingness that everything you desire
is already accomplished many people when
they employ string that vibrational
possibility when they activate that
within their being when they activate
that feeling everything is already
accomplished everything I desire already
exists is already done they most people
find that there is this great sense of
relief there's this great sense of ease
that comes with it so just use that as
your foundation you said as your
starting point
the second point I wrote down says
activate your desired possibility of
creation by bringing anything that you
desire into the here and now
feeling so now that we've covered the
idea that all that your desires already
accomplished and you can imagine this as
this infinite field that's connected to
your heart to the center of your being
inside your body even if you will or
your mind whatever you want to visualize
it as but you can imagine that all of
creation expands outward from the center
of your beingness you are the center of
creation the center the middle point
from which you are connected to this
infinite field of infinite endless
possibility of everything is already
accomplished yes and so then what's next
in order to make that more relevant to
your personal individual desired
experience you simply activate any one
possibility out of the field of infinite
possibility you activate the desired
possibility so you make that more
probable you make that more likely to
appear into your experience by simply
bringing anything that you desire into
the here so welcome back
hopefully it's working um as I was
saying quite automatically from a
limited point of view whenever a desire
comes up or is in a sense downloaded to
our brain level consciousness to our
personal consciousness to what we are
able to recognize based on our previous
conditioning of physicality of
limitation of over here versus there off
space-time causality we tend to
automatically project our desires into a
state of lack we tend to we tend to
include the lack thereof so higher self
in a sense is just transmitting to us a
pure desire for creating something for
shifting into a particular reality and
what we automatically do our automatic
filtration system is infusing that with
its opposite with its lack based
creation so basically our self for
example is saying wow it would be really
exciting it would be really expensive if
you moved to Bali for example
and then the the personality self
automatically filters that excitement
through the lack of being in Bali the
lack of having the resources to get
there the lack of having everything set
and organized where you live now in
order to move there so then suddenly the
majority of our focus of our vibrational
focus becomes the lack of the things
that we desire that's why it's very
important to feel into your desires as
if they're manifest accomplished results
are here and now you have to feel what
you desire here and now and remove as
much as you can the idea that it is not
here and not now when you do this it's
going to be one of the most powerful
manifestations or accelerations of your
ability to naturally be in the flow of
abundant manifestation simply the shift
from it's not here to it is here
regardless of what physical reality
wants to tell me I'm saying that it that
it is here I'm feeling as if it is here
I'm feeling an inside of my being inside
of my body I'm feeling it here and I'm
feeling it now and just to stay with
that feeling as you tune in to your
desired reality without getting even
through specific about the details all
the time although that can be lovely too
but what I'm saying is that even just to
love the energy of desire without
thinking too much about the result
already amplifies you desire itself if
you don't filter it through lack if you
don't make it too specific in a lack
session-based in physical reality oh
it's not here right now but simply tune
into the desire energy itself then that
itself can already increase your
vibration so much because desire itself
is love it's higher self making love to
you it's communicating with you so to be
in the state of desire without even
necessarily knowing whether or not
something has been made physically
manifest is already a great step in a
direction of alignment so that was
number two activate your desired
possibility of creation by bringing
anything you desire into the here and
now feeling are we good
number three feel the presence and scope
of your spending power feel that you can
do many things so this is where it gets
more specific even this is where it gets
very specific to abundance to money to
finances to resources to being able to
physically move as you want to move do
what you want to do get what you want to
get give what you want to give etc is
the idea that you can this is really a
method more than anything else it's more
than an understanding it's a method so
the method is that you as you go about
your everyday life you actually start to
feel as you look at the things in your
reality order things that are simply in
your imagination at this point somehow
activate the feeling that you can do
that thing that you can buy that thing
that you can achieve that thing that you
can give that thing away if you want to
that you can share that thing that you
can manifest that thing so it's about
constantly affirming and emphasizing the
spending power that you have even if you
have two dollars in your bank account or
- ten thousand perhaps you can always
amplify the things you can do you can
always emphasize the things that you can
spend the things that you can get the
things that you can buy the things that
you can give the things that you can
receive you can always emphasize what
you do have and how much you can
actually do with that and once you start
to develop this little neck of seeing it
differently this vibrational game this
method you will start to feel more and
more capable more and more abundant and
more and more that you're cleansing your
energy or transforming it from lack and
I can't I don't have enough money to I
can buy this I can do that I can buy
this piece of chocolate I can buy this
beer right now I can buy this meal right
now I can buy these pins and so even if
you only have ten dollars in your bank
account you can reapply that same
physical ten dollars a hundred times a
day
two things that only cost 8 bucks or
five bucks or nine bucks or 10 bucks
and so you're actually vibrationally
spending a hundred times ten dollars
which is ten thousand dollars is that
correct yes that's correct
I believe so so that's just a way to
increase your sense of abundance which
is all that it is about it's just the
permission slip it's just a method it's
just a mind game to trick your
conditioned mind to be more in the state
of seeing what can happen rather than
what is not happening yet so it's
another variety it's a more specific
method to number two which is simply
about activating the vibration of it
being here and now now number three is
be aware of your spending power be aware
of the power of manifestation that you
have be more in the energy of I can I
can do this can you go and buy pack
cigarettes right now can you go and buy
some chocolate right now can you go and
buy your friend a present right now can
you go and buy your girlfriend some
flowers right now yes for most of you
the answer is yes I could yes I could
yes I could and even if you have only
one dollar and all the things that I
told you about just now are five dollars
each there is always a way in which you
can conceive of getting your girlfriend
flowers or buying yourself that piece of
chocolate or getting yourself a nice
dinner or making sure that you have a
roof over your head or sharing some
lovely gift with someone else or giving
away something you've had for years and
maybe you've noticed that I've included
not just to getting but the giving
because that's a crucial part of the
flow of abundance is that you also feel
like you can give as some people are
very focused on ok abundance is all
about receiving receiving money
receiving more resources receiving more
abundance but then they feel stuck on
the level of oh but you know I have
manifested these hundred dollars for
myself right now bud you know if I had
to treat someone else to dinner I
couldn't do that right now or if I want
to give something away
I really can't so then they start to
feel slightly more capable on the level
of getting but it's the same one flow in
the eyes of creation there is no
difference between getting and receiving
it's the same movement from left to
right or up and down or down or up
doesn't matter
abundance is the expensive movement of
consciousness expanding upon itself and
so it doesn't see a you or ahem or her
or them versus you or getting or a
giving so it's important that overall
you feel like you can give you can
receive it's part of the same one flow
so the spending power is also towards
other beings there should be no
distinction you have you should feel
like you have the capacity to give
someone else something without feeling
like look you're crunching up or you
would be lacking something
so emphasize all the little things that
in your physical reality even you could
actually do and doesn't mean you
actually have to spend that $5.00 ten
thousand times it simply means that you
feel like you could in that moment you
feel that you can so number three is all
about getting into the vibration of I
can I can do this I can move to Chile I
can travel I can get a car I can do this
all by seeing clever ways within which
yes I could actually get this right now
if I really wanted to I could get this
right now and with that same capacity I
could also get this right now and I
could also achieve this right now and I
could also give away everything I have
right now and then I could also REME Ana
Fest everything I have times 10 right
now and I also could buy this well
because also could get this so this gets
you in the flow of I can I am capable I
have the money I have the resources I
have the spending power being the
vibration of having that giving spending
generosity and receiving power the power
of abundance is yours you can do many
many things right now get into the
vibration of how much stuff you can do
and amplify that acknowledge it and
recognize all the things you could get
on a daily basis even if you don't want
it just like yes I could get that pillow
right now and give it to someone else
yes I could go to the store and buy
another pillow yes I could get whatever
doesn't matter just being the energy of
I can